Understanding metrics topic (#3426)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/getting-started/concepts.md

* A **host** is any device that has an IP address and that one wishes to monitor.
For example, it could be a physical server, a virtual machine, a temperature probe, an IP camera, a printer or a storage space.

> * A **service** is a check point to be monitored on a host. A service consists of one or several check commands that collect [metrics](../monitoring/metrics.md) concerning a specific aspect of a host (CPU usage rate, temperature, motion detection, bandwidth usage rate, disk I/O, and so on). For instance, a service called **Memory** has the following metrics: **buffer**, **cached**, **usage**, **free**, **shared** and **used_prct**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A **service** is a check point to be monitored on a host. A service consists of one check command that collect [metrics](../monitoring/metrics.md) concerning a specific aspect of a host (CPU usage rate, temperature, motion detection, bandwidth usage rate, disk I/O, and so on). For instance, a service called **Memory** has the following metrics: **buffer**, **cached**, **usage**, **free**, **shared** and **used_prct**.
```
